hello you love today, there is mine
evening routine and we start with that
abschminken
I use nivea quite like
this cleaning fluri sometimes but
also from the body shop the clean sinks
continue if I rather dry skin off
that's pretty oily today I have myself
however, for the synergies
cleaning towels decided
I think that's a good change as well
between the three products always quite
arbitrary whereby from the body shop the body
I always like to use butter
when I'm very dry
have facial skin at the time it is
that's why I use such a
cleaning cloth and with that I remove
just a make-up that is always the first
Step eyebrow lipstick my
putter from the face and it takes too
just fine the eyeshadow off course
even the halves do not forget that
But it is not cleaning that is easy
just the rough first remove from make
then I use the media
Waterproof eyes make up remover that
In my opinion the best
removes the super fast
eye make-up which is always important to me
so that one does not feel that way in the eye area
long rub rum I have a use
Wade pro eye and just press it that way
be aware of that and that 's one of those
act moment so it already the
waterproof mascara so on
I'll take care of that a bit
Often I need this too
remove and then I just pull that
always down so down and after
above, I pull the mascara away
but never rub such an eye
any circling movements or something
then you all would eyelashes selection
So always very carefully and gently
pull down the mascara, so to speak
and do not pull up in all
Things are going wild and the same
Of course, I'm doing that as well
another eye
So one watt per eye is enough for me
perfect and yes I remove it
then I use everything from lasters
popcorn lips madder that's just his
lip peeling that makes the lips very
knows that tastes so salty sweet that is
very pleasant that I wash myself then
but always down because I think that's
super disgusting his old skin dolls
I could eat it with it
think but disgusting because I do
not then
I'm worried about my whole face
to clean it again now we have
yes, just before the make-up and taken off
For that I use the soaps from ballet
free washing lotions I think that's great
I've been using them again and again for years
and since I just a whole
face and some just again
very thorough and yes again just the
last make-up reste again
take it down and make the face easy
nice clean if i am not
make-up then I just use directly
The soaps was free station and no
damp cloths before but mostly
I am made up and yes over
the eye area that does not burn that
works great that's me too
always very important because you also the
Remains of waterproof makeup remover
wants to wash down so the face
just completely clean is then
under washed and then I use of
I wash these everlasting ones once
just think very hygienic and then
I do the face off I use
but only three I am so I tear
I always find half through me
that is rich and natural
The neck also dried and the nose
cleaned again because of the
moisture I always have to make the
then I use that from barriers
on a climate antibacterial
facial water that infects that
so to speak again the face find that
I am always very important when you are
as I keep coming back with pimples
has to fight and also reach such a
small cotton pads i just use
both sides and distributed it very well in the
face and neck
and then it is again
face completely clean and pure and fresh
sometimes you can see washed
Reste if you do not stop enough
the makeup on the viewpad has been removed
I always find it very practical
then I use of the Estee Lauder
Advents Night Repair Serum I think
that it is very very caring and
donate moisture and since I have one
I always like to use dry skin
a serum that I give before that
in my hands I'm not in it anymore
face rum must rub but
just nice and gentle a knock
that will thank you your skin if
you always get that way then yes
you just do not fold so fast and
of course not forget the neck
and then I use that from weleda
soothing facial cream from the almond
row the mark
I like to do it that way
They are very rich and
moisturizing and caring and
the pots are on my face as well
just do not rub around and everything
always nice drop only one and a club
It is getting used to but you get used to it
I can only do that
recommend
then you'll stay beautiful and young forever
of course not at all
forget without being in the moment
By the way, my friend just came in
wanted to pick up a kiss but
Unfortunately, I did not manage it
in front of the camera though, the course is unfortunately
not in front of the camera
but I did not want you anyway
withhold
It continues with my eyes cream
and I'm using chris deering
Classist eye cream I find that very
very good i want it right on my skin
you do not have to work that much
by itself very caring
rich and still helps against wrinkles
and I always believe that with middle finger
also on the eyelids because of me
just the feeling I have with the
finger more control than with the
ring finger
Next I use this from kiko
eyelash care for the summer for 30 days
Every night from sleep and apply
It should just over the night the eyelashes
very well and that's how they should be
stop less and last longer
I'm very curious if that's what
because I always waterproof
mascara user I need
just blink of an eye
I brush my teeth with the frisco
because I like the toothpaste love
is located at aldi south and then used
I still lip care from labello the
vanilla macadamia i think she is very good
from the care effect could
to be better but I still like her
I like to give it to you
Put the packet directly on the lips with it
the bacteria from the fingers in it
do not spread and then I use
of the winter may creme knows the
possible from the fragrance very much like the
caring effect could be something better
but both the hand cream and the
lip care are actually with me
on the nightstand I wanted to but
reluctant in the bedroom movie in bed
That's why I have the two products
now taken to bed
and then creamy me so beautiful the
hands and above all things also the
arms and elbows with me
simply not the product anymore
on the palms that may have
I do not like it that much
the feeling and yes it was already
with my evening routine i hope that
you liked the video